Docs: Refactor the build & build customization pages (Diátaxis) (#10028)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/builds.rst

   Once a build was triggered,
   project administrators can go to the build detail page

>    and click :guilabel::`Cancel build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and click :guilabel:`Cancel build`.
```

:Automatically:

   When Read the Docs detects a push to a version that is already building,

>    it cancels the running build and start a new build using the latest commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it cancels the running build and starts a new build using the latest commit.
```

:Programatically:

   You can use user-defined commands on ``build.jobs`` or ``build.commands`` (see :doc:`build-customization`)

>    to check for a condition and exit it with the code ``183`` to cancel the running build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to check for your own cancellation condition and then return exit code ``183`` to cancel the running build.
```

Build resources
---------------

Every build has limited resources assigned to it.

> Generally |com_brand| users get double the build resources,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, |com_brand| users get double the build resources,
```
